Random the corner here,
let's go to app.js.
We're actually going to go integrate.
We've finished all of our
Redux implementation.
Now we're going to connect Redux to react.
So delete theme context.
We're going to use context anymore.
And delete use state because we're
not gonna do any hooks anymore.
We're going to import
provider from react Redux,
and then we're going to
import the store from store.
Okay, delete this use state here.
And we're going to replace
this theme context.provider
With store equals store.
Okay, and then notice I changed
it down here as well on line 22.
So it's provider.
So this works exactly like context as that
now this store is available to everything
underneath it, right?
So, if I had some h1 here.
And I was trying to read from the provider
here it would not be able to,
cuz it's not inside of the component here.
Okay, so now this is available
everywhere like context.
Let's head over to SearchParams.js.
Okay, delete theme context, done.
Delete use state we're not
going to use that anymore.
You can delete use context as well.
Actually, I think we do need still
we still do need use state but
we don't need use context anymore.
Okay, you can delete the theme here.
You can delete animal, you can delete
breed, you can do delete location.
Okay, we're gonna still store pets here,
but
you totally could move
that to Redux as well.
Okay, and then up here we're
going to import a new function
called use selector which
is a hook from react Redux.
So now const animal is going
to be equal to use selector,
and then you write a function that says,
all right?
So this is the overall state
of my entire Redux store and
then you're going to just return
the part that this thing cares about.
So in this case, all I care about
in my Redux store is state.animal.
Right, now animal is just going
to be pulled out of Redux, and
so on and so forth location.
Use selector, state return,
state.location.
Const breed = useSelector.
And I'll show you if you wanna write
this a little bit different way,
which is breed,
this is destructuring breed out of this.
These two things are doing relatively
the same ones just using destructuring.
Honestly, this is probably a bit clearer.
It's a bit less dense in terms
of all the parentheses and
curly brace it up to your
discretion which one you prefer.
Const theme=useSelector.
State return, state.theme.
Now the first thing that people always
ask me here is like why don't I just
return all of the state.
And then just instead of yet right just
say current state equals use selector
state state, and then I just say
instead of state.theme right down here,
I'll just say state.animal and
so on and so forth.
Let me tell you why this is a bad idea.
So one this is useful for
you getting animal out of this.
So now you just have animal here.
But Redux is also going to use
this as the subscription function.
So If you do this, it's gonna say,
whenever state changes ever
across my entire application
update search params.
That is not what you want, right?
What you want is like if
animal specifically changes,
then update search params, right?
So these serve both to get
the information out of Redux.
And it also serves as a subscription to
let react know when do I update this?
That makes sense.
So don't do this line
14 is an anti-pattern.
Okay.
That should be it, at least for this.